Added support for configurable external gas price sources for replayers. (#108)
makerdao/oracles-v2: README.md

The installed Scuttlebot config can be found in `~/.ssb.config`, more details
about the [Scuttlebot config](https://github.com/ssbc/ssb-config#configuration).

## Relayer Gas Price configuration

> We have additional configuration parameter into `ethereum` relayer config section: `gasPrice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a new configuration parameter to `ethereum` relayer config section: `gasPrice`.
```

> It consist on 3 available options: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consist of 3 available options: 
```

`source` - source of gas price. **Default value: node**
Available values are: 

 - `node` - Getting Gas Price from node (using `seth gas-price`).
 - `gasnow` - Uses [GasNow](https://www.gasnow.org) API for fetching gas price.
 - `ethgasstation` - Uses [ethgasstation](https://ethgasstation.info) API for fetching Gas Price.

> `multiplier` - A number gas rpice will be multiplied after fetching. **Default value: 1**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`multiplier` - A number the gas pice will be multiplied by after fetching. **Default value: 1**
```

`priority` - Gas Price priority for `gasnow` or `ethgasstation` sources. **Default value: fast**
Due to this API's return set of different prices based on required tx speed we also give you an ability to choose.

> **NOTE:** this option does not have any effect if `source` is set to `node` !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** This option does not have any effect if `source` is set to `node`!
```

Available values:

 - `slow`
 - `standard`
 - `fast`
 - `fastest`

**Example configuration:**

```json
{

>   {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  "mode": "relayer",
  "ethereum": {
    "from": "0x",
    "keystore": "",
    "password": "",
    "network": "kovan",
    "gasPrice": {

> 			"source": "node",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "source": "node",
```
